Carnival is coming, it's always like this.
It does not go to the gym
recycle is bomb
the tape showed the
Summer is already coming to the gym.
allocated pullet on the cell phone
only with pressure does not do anything at all
'danton chick train in the summer with a
month of training and you want to stay
showing there I can not stand I'm
nervous all year round bar expelled
It's still fucking to get a little dreamed.
deic the month if you think you'll be cured
Stop is the fuck I want is to stay
Monstrão to when the mines to see stay
face down on the floor I chip just like it is
linked mine advert ad asmeg is ours
biggest legend of a fool is in fashion this fashion
I loved fiscal mecca duroteston hemogenin
want to be shown is not social changes the
thinking to falter lifestyle
since summer avoidance is fucking
unitel your motion to train the name
no matter what the outcome may be on
last year points out the bomb is in the
modest mobile battery is captured
hardest error
i and warns the motion is not so unique
change the thought to stop and hesitate style
of life had to have dedication summer is the
fucking whole year I 'm motion work out
train the name no matter what it matters
the result nothing does not happen in the return
look at the supine weight the chicken got
this is not weight seems more styrofoam
serious training every year I'm a fuck
bench press is with me when I make noise
totta pis ex-bishop months the animal
Brazil there, shut my mouth, he opposed it.
it 's so with me
I do not know with you Scarpelli closed with me
may want
I was criticized when I was younger.
They called dry but now I'm a gold
There are people who think it easy says to win.
If it were easy, everyone was
strong
I got your motion my style is from mutants
back the powers the body already the giant
Sorry, I'll tell everybody, everyone wants to hear.
criticism is easy I want to see is to get the
jerky and boring shape
body is cracked it's all drawn
proportion is of law
binds
Ana does squats also makes the ground is
stay the motion will have to struggle
it's not anyone who can get here
to be shown they have to have
dedication rest workout and also the
meal was the inspiration forever in
history lifestyle and the most shape
fuck chicken only criticizes chicken pau amal
these mega and chirpy do not pass out of boçal
media speak badly of the bar or one can believe
but I still do not have it in the bbb
envy I do not know there is admiration you want
be chicken what to show